Rename Sticky Activities sample (#75)
temporalio/samples-python: worker_specific_task_queues/README.md

# Worker-Specific Task Queues

> Use a unique Task Queue for each Worker in order to have certain Activities run on a specific Worker. In the Go and Java SDKs, this is explicitly supported via the Session option, but in other SDKs a different approach is required.

Reviewer: There are no sessions in Java. I should have caught this when I reviewed the user's PR.

> Use a unique Task Queue for each Worker in order to have certain Activities run on a specific Worker. In the Go and Java SDKs, this is explicitly supported via the Session option, but in other SDKs a different approach is required.

Author: ```suggestion
Use a unique Task Queue for each Worker in order to have certain Activities run on a specific Worker. In the Go SDK, this is explicitly supported via the Session option, but in other SDKs a different approach is required.
```
